# 常见介词

## of

### 定义

#### 有道词典

> prep. 属于；……的；……的一部分；住在（某地）；关于；由……组成的；因为；（表示人或事的时空位置）在，当

#### 剑桥词典

1. A1-of *preposition* (POSSESSION)

   `used to show possession, belonging, or origin:`

   + a friend of mine
   + the president of the United States

2. A1-of *preposition* (AMOUNT)

   `used after words or phrases expressing amount, number, or a particular unit:`

   + a kilo of apples
   + loads of food

3. A1-of *preposition* (CONTAINING)

   `containing:`

   + a bag of sweets
   + a bottle of beer

4. A2-of *preposition* (POSITION)

   `used in expressions showing position:`

   + the top of his head
   + the back of your dress

5. A2-of *preposition* (TYPICAL)

   `typical or characteristic of:`

   + She has the face of an angel.
   + That guy's got the personality of a dead fish!

6. A1-of *preposition* (DAYS)

   `used to refer to a particular date in a month:`

   + the eleventh of March
   + the first of the month

7. A1-of *preposition* (DAYS)

   `used to refer to a particular date in a month:`

   + the eleventh of March
   + the first of the month

8. A1-of *preposition* (MADE OF)

   `made or consisting of; having:`

   + dresses of lace and silk
   + plates of gold and silver

9. A1-of *preposition* (WITH ADJECTIVES/VERBS)

   `used to connect particular adjectives and verbs with nouns:`

   + fond of swimming
   + sick of his excuses

10. B2-of *preposition* (JUDGMENT)

    `used after an adjective when judging someone's behaviour:`

    + It was mean of you to mention her weight.
    + Thank you so much for my present. How thoughtful of you.

11. C1-of *preposition* (RELATING TO)

    `about; relating to:`

    + Speaking of Elizabeth, here she is.
    + One of the advantages of travelling by train is being able to read.

12. C1-of *preposition* (THAT IS/ARE)

    `that is/are:`

    + the problem of homelessness
    + a rise of two percent in inflation

13. C1-of *preposition* (DONE TO)

    `done to:`

    + the massacre of hundreds of innocent people
    + the oppression of a nation

14. C1-of *preposition* (FELT BY)

    `felt or experienced by:`

    + the suffering of millions
    + the anguish of the murdered child's parents

15. B1-of *preposition* (THROUGH)

    `through; having as the cause:`

    + He died of cancer.
    + I didn't have to go there - I did it of my own free will.

16. A2-of *preposition* (COMPARING)

    `used when comparing related things:`

    + I liked the green one best of all .
    + Worst of all was the food!

17. of *preposition* (TIME)

    `used in saying what the time is:`

    + It's ten (minutes) of five (= ten minutes before five o'clock).

18. of *preposition* (SEPARATE FROM)

    `used in expressions showing distance from something in place or time:`

    + We live within a mile of the school.
    + She came within two seconds of beating the world record.

19. of *preposition* (LOSS)

    `used in expressions showing loss:`

    + They were robbed of all their savings.
    + I feel I've been deprived of your company.

20. of *preposition* (DURING)

    `during:`

    + I like to relax with a pipe of an evening.

#### 牛津词典

1. **A1**-belonging to somebody; relating to somebody
   + a friend of mine
   + the love of a mother for her child
2. **A1**-belonging to something; being part of something; relating to something
   + the lid of the box
   + the director of the company
3. **A1**-coming from a particular background or living in a place
   + a woman of Italian descent
   + the people of Wales
4. **A1**-relating to or showing somebody/something
   + a story of passion
   + a photo of my dog
5. **A1**-used to say what somebody/something is, consists of or contains
   + the city of Dublin
   + the issue of housing
6. **A1**-used with measurements and expressions of time, age, etc.
   + 2 kilos of potatoes
   + an increase of 2 per cent
7. **A1**-used to show somebody/something belongs to a group, often after some, a few, etc.
   + some of his friends
   + a few of the problems
8. **A1**-used to show the position of something/somebody in space or time
   + just north of Detroit
   + at the time of the revolution
9. **A1**-used after nouns formed from verbs. The noun after ‘of’ can be either the object or the subject of the action.
   + the arrival of the police (= they arrive)
   + criticism of the police (= they are criticized)
10. **A1**-used after some verbs before mentioning somebody/something involved in the action
    + to deprive somebody of something
    + He was cleared of all blame.
11. **A1**-used after some adjectives before mentioning somebody/something that a feeling relates to
    + to be proud of something
12. **A1**-used to give your opinion of somebody’s behaviour
    + It was kind of you to offer.
    + TOPICS Opinion and argumentA1
13. used when one noun describes a second one
    + Where's that idiot of a boy (= the boy that you think is stupid)?

#### 柯林斯词典

1. PREPOSITION
  `You use of to combine two nouns when the first noun identifies the feature of the second noun that you want to talk about.`
  + The average age of the women interviewed was only 21.5.
  + The aim of the exercise is to come up with more ideas
2. PREPOSITION
  `You use of to combine two nouns, or a noun and a present participle, when the second noun or present participle defines or gives more information about the first noun.`
  + Would you say what you felt was a feeling of betrayal?
  + She let out a little cry of pain.
3. PREPOSITION
  `You use of after nouns referring to actions to specify the person or thing that is affected by the action or that performs the action. For example, 'the kidnapping of the child' refers to an action affecting a child; 'the arrival of the next train' refers to an action performed by a train.`
  + ...the reduction of trade union power inside the party.
  + ...the assessment of future senior managers.
4. PREPOSITION
  `You use of after words and phrases referring to quantities or groups of things to indicate thesubstance or thing that is being measured.`
  + ...40 litres of water.
  + A flock of birds flew towards us slowly from far away.
5. PREPOSITION
  `You use of after the name of someone or something to introduce the institution or place they belong to or are connected with.`
  + ...the Finance Minister of Bangladesh.
  + ...the superb rock-hewn Cave Temples of Badami.
6. PREPOSITION
  `You use of after a noun referring to a container to form an expression referring to the container and its contents.`
  + We could all do with a cup of tea.
  + She brought out a bottle of sauce.
7. PREPOSITION
  `You use of after a count noun and before an uncount noun when you want to talk about an individual piece or item.`
  + Marina ate only one slice of bread.
  + With a stick of chalk he wrote her order on a blackboard.
8. PREPOSITION
  `You use of to indicate the materials or things that form something.`
  + ...a mixture of paint-thinner and petrol.
9. PREPOSITION
  `You use of after a noun which specifies a particular part of something, to introduce the thing that it is a part of.`
  + We had almost reached the end of the street.
  + ...the beginning of the year.
10. PREPOSITION
    `You use of after some verbs to indicate someone or something else involved in the action.`
    + He'd been dreaming of her.
    + Listen, I shall be thinking of you always.
11. PREPOSITION
    `You use of after some adjectives to indicate the thing that a feeling or quality relates to.`
    + I have grown very fond of Alec.
    + His father was quite naturally very proud of him.
12. PREPOSITION
    `You use of before a word referring to the person who performed an action when saying what you think about the action.`
    + This has been so nice, so terribly kind of you.
    + I suppose it's stupid of us not to be able to make up our own minds.
13. PREPOSITION
    `You use of after a noun which describes someone or something, to introduce the person or thing you are talking about.`
    + ...an awkward, slow-moving giant of a man.
14. PREPOSITION
    `If something is more of or less of a particular thing, it is that thing to a greater or smaller degree.`
    + Your extra fat may be more of a health risk than you realize.
    + As time goes by, sleeping becomes less of a problem.
15. PREPOSITION
    `You use of to indicate a characteristic or quality that someone or something has.`
    + She is a woman of enviable beauty.
    + The new deal was considered to be the most generous of its kind.
16. PREPOSITION [be PREP n]
    `You use of after the verb 'be' to indicate a characteristic or quality that someone or something has.`
    + The crisis faced over the next few months is of an entirely different scale.
    + Both world wars were of unquestionable importance as economic events.
17. PREPOSITION
    `You use of to specify an amount, value, or age.`
    + Last Thursday, Nick announced record revenues of $3.4 billion.
    + He has been sentenced to a total of 21 years in prison since 1973.
18. PREPOSITION
    `You use of after a noun such as 'month' or 'year' to indicate the length of time that some state or activity continues.`
    + ...eight bruising years of war.
    + The project has gone through nearly a dozen years of planning.
19. PREPOSITION
    `You can use of to say what time it is by indicating how many minutes there are before the hour mentioned.[US]`
    + At about a quarter of eight in the evening, Joe Urber calls.
    + We got to the beach at five of one in the afternoon.

### 用法

1. 所有格：n of n

2. 表示同位关系的用of介词短语

   eg: the language of English  英语和语言是同位关系

   `判断of前后的名词是否存在同位关系的方法很简单，将of前的名词视为主语，of后的名词视为表语，如果表语能说明主语，那它们便是同位关系`

3. 数词 量词 of 不可数名词

4. 表示部分或全部：所占部分  of  全体部分

   all of us 我们所有人        two of us 我们中的两个

5. 很分数一起做定语：分数 of n

6. out of somewhere  从somewhere中(脱离)出来

7. 固定句型

   + **It is adj of sb to do.（sb做sth很adj，该adj通常表示sb的性格品质）**

8. 带of的动词短语

   think of,  dream of,  be sure/certain of sth

### Q&A

### 有用的链接

+ [OF在剑桥英语词典中的解释及翻译 (cambridge.org)](https://dictionary.cambridge.org/zhs/词典/英语/of)
+ [Of definition and meaning | Collins English Dictionary (collinsdictionary.com)](https://www.collinsdictionary.com/dictionary/english/of)
+ [of preposition - Definition, pictures, pronunciation and usage notes | Oxford Advanced Learner's Dictionary at OxfordLearnersDictionaries.com](https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/of?q=of)

## for

### 定义

#### 有道词典

> - prep. （表示对象、用途等）给，对；为了； 关于；代表；受雇于；意思是；支持；因为；为得到；换取；就……而言；……后（更好、更快乐等）；（表示去向）往；（安排或预定）在……时；对（某人）来说（困难、必需、愉快等）；以……为价格；（表示一段时间）计；表示一系列事件之一
> - conj. 因为，由于
> - abbr. 外国 (foreign)；林业 (forestry)

#### 剑桥词典

1. A1-for *preposition* (INTENDED FOR)

   `intended to be given to:`

   + There's a phone message for you.
   + I'd better buy something for the new baby.

2. A2-for *preposition* (PURPOSE)

   `having the purpose of:`

   + There's a sign there saying "boats for hire".
   + This pool is for the use of hotel guests only.

3. A2-for *preposition* (BECAUSE OF)

   `because of or as a result of something:`

   + I'm feeling all the better for my holiday.
   + "How are you?" "Fine, and all the better for seeing you!"

4. A1-for *preposition* (TIME/DISTANCE)

   `used to show an amount of time or distance:`

   + We walked for miles.
   + She's out of the office for a few days next week.

5. A2-for *preposition* (OCCASION)

   `on the occasion of or at the time of:`

   + What did you buy him for Christmas?
   + I'd like an appointment with the doctor for some time this week.

6. C1-for *preposition* (COMPARING)

   `used for comparing one thing with others of the same type:`

   + She's very mature for her age.
   + For every two people in favour of the law there are three against.

7. C1-for *preposition* (RESPONSIBILITY)

   `used to say whose responsibility something is:`

   + She knew the driver of the other car was not responsible for her son's death.

8. B2-for *preposition* (SUPPORT)

   `in support of or in agreement with:`

   + I voted for the Greens at the last election.
   + Those voting for the motion, 96, and those voting against, 54.

9. B1-for *preposition* (HELP)

   `in order to help someone:`

   + Let me carry those bags for you.
   + Hello, what can I do for you?

10. for *preposition* (IN RELATION TO)

    `in relation to someone or something:`

    + Her feelings for him had changed.
    + He felt nothing but contempt for her.

11. A2-for *preposition* (PAYMENT)

    `(getting) in exchange:`

    + How much did you pay for your glasses?
    + I've sponsored her £1 for every mile that she runs.

12. B1-for *preposition* (REPRESENTING)

    `being employed by or representing a company, country, etc.:`

    + She works for a charity.
    + He swam for the United States in the 2000 Olympics.

13. A2-for *preposition* (TOWARDS)

    `towards; in the direction of:`

    + They looked as if they were heading for the train station.
    + Just follow signs for the museum.

14. A2-for *preposition* (MEANING)

    `showing meaning:`

    + What's the Spanish word for "vegetarian"?
    + What does the "M.J." stand for? Maria José?

15. A2-for *preposition* (TO GET)

    `in order to get or achieve:`

    + I hate waiting for public transport.
    + I had to run for the bus.

16. for *preposition* (DUTY)

    `the duty or responsibility of:`

    + As to whether you should marry him - that's for you to decide.
    + It's not for me to tell her what she should do with her life.

17. for *conjunction* (BECAUSE)

    `because; as:`

    + She remained silent, for her heart was heavy and her spirits low.

#### 牛津词典

1. **A1**-used to show who is intended to have or use something or where something is intended to be put

   - *There's a letter for you.*
   - *It's a book for children.

2. **A1**-in order to help somebody/something

   - *What can I do for you (= how can I help you)?*
   - *Can you translate this letter for me?

3. **A1**-used to show purpose or function

   - *a machine for slicing bread
   - *What did you do that for (= Why did you do that)?*

4. **A1**-used to show a reason or cause

   - *The town is famous for its cathedral.
   - *He didn’t answer for fear of hurting her.*

5. **A1**-in order to obtain something

   - *For more information, call this number.*
   - *There were over fifty applicants for the job.*

6. **A1**-used to show a length of time

   - *I'm going away for a few days.*
   - *That's all the news there is \*for now\*.*

7. **A1**-used to show a distance

   - *The road went on for miles and miles.*

8. **A1**-used to show where somebody/something is going

   - *Is this the bus for Chicago?*
   - *She knew she was destined for a great future.*

9. **A1**-used to show that something is arranged or intended to happen at a particular time

   - *an appointment for May 12*
   - *We're invited for 7.30.*

10. **A1**-used to show the occasion when something happens

    - *I'm warning you for the last time—stop talking!*

11. **A1**-in exchange for something

    - *Copies are available for two dollars each.*
    - *I'll swap these two bottles for that one.*

12. **A1**-employed by

    - *She's working for an insurance company.*

13. **B1**-about; in connection with somebody/something

    - *They are anxious for her safety.*
    - *Fortunately for us, the weather changed.*

14. **B1**-as a representative of

    - *I am speaking for everyone in this department.*

15. **B1**-meaning

    - *Shaking your head for ‘No’ is not universal.*

16. **B1**-in support of somebody/something

    - *Are you for or against the proposal?*
    - *‘What does Naomi think about the move?’ ‘She’s all for it.’*

    COMPARE [against (2)](https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/against#against_sng_2)

17. **B1**-considering what can be expected from somebody/something

    - *The weather was warm for the time of year.*
    - *That's too much responsibility for a child.*

18. **B1**-used to say how difficult, necessary, pleasant, etc. something is that somebody might do or has done

    - *It's useless \*for\* us \*to\* continue.*
    - *There's no need \*for\* you \*to\* go.*

19. used to show who can or should do something

    - *It's not for me to say why he left.*
    - *How to spend the money is for you to decide.*

20. **better, happier, etc. for something** ;better, happier, etc. following something

    - *You'll feel better for a good night's sleep.*
    - *This room would look more cheerful for a spot of paint.*

#### 柯林斯词典

1. PREPOSITION
`If something is for someone, they are intended to have it or benefit from it.`
+ Isn't that enough for you?
+ I have some free advice for you.
2. PREPOSITION
`If you work or do a job for someone, you are employed by them.`
+ I knew he worked for a security firm.
+ Have you had any experience writing for radio?
3. PREPOSITION
`If you speak or act for a particular group or organization, you represent them.`
+ She appears nightly on the television news, speaking for the State Department.
+ ...the spokesman for the Democrats.
4. PREPOSITION
`If someone does something for you, they do it so that you do not have to do it.`
+ If your pharmacy doesn't stock the product you want, have them order it for you.
+ He picked the bracelet up for me.
5. PREPOSITION
`If you feel a particular emotion for someone, you feel it on their behalf.`
+ This is the best thing you've ever done–I am so happy for you!
+ He felt a great sadness for this little girl.
6. PREPOSITION
`If you feel a particular emotion for someone or something, they are the object of that emotion, and you feel it when youthink about them.`
+ John, I'm sorry for Steve, but I think you've made the right decisions.
+ Mack felt a pitiless contempt for her.
7. PREPOSITION
`You use for after words such as 'time', 'space', 'money', or 'energy' when you say how much there is or whether there is enough of it in order to be able to do or use a particular thing.`
+ Many new trains have space for wheelchair users.
+ It would take three to six hours for a round trip.
8. PREPOSITION
`If something is for sale, hire, or use, it is available to be sold, hired, or used.`
+ ...fishmongers displaying freshwater fish for sale.
+ Skis are available for hire on a daily basis.
9. PREPOSITION
`You use for when you state or explain the purpose of an object, action, or activity.`
+ Use olive oil for salad dressings.
+ The knife for cutting sausage was sitting in the sink.
10. PREPOSITION
`You use for after nouns expressing reason or cause.`
+ He's soon to make a speech in parliament explaining his reasons for going.
+ The county hospital could find no physical cause for Sumner's problems.
11. SUBORDINATING CONJUNCTION
`You can use for to introduce a clause which gives the reason why you made the statement in the main clause.`
+ He had a great desire to have a home of his own for he had always lived with my grandmother.
12. PREPOSITION
`You can use for to introduce the cause of the fact that you have just mentioned.`
+ ...doing jobs that others turn down for lack of skill.
+ They cannot sleep for hunger.
13. PREPOSITION
`For is used in conditional sentences, in expressions such as 'if not for' and 'were it not for', to introduce the only thing which prevents the main part of the sentence from being true.`
+ If not for John, Brian wouldn't have learned the truth.
+ The earth would be a frozen ball if it were not for the radiant heat of the sun.
14. PREPOSITION
`You use for to say how long something lasts or continues.`
+ The toaster remained on for more than an hour.
+ For a few minutes she sat on her bed watching the clock.
15. PREPOSITION
`You use for to say how far something extends.`
+ We drove on for a few miles.
+ Great clouds of black smoke were rising for several hundred feet or so.
16. PREPOSITION
`If something is bought, sold, or done for a particular amount of money, that amount of money is its price.`
+ We got the bus back to Tange for 30 cents.
+ The Martins sold their house for about 1.4 million pounds.
17. PREPOSITION
`If something is planned for a particular time, it is planned to happen then.`
+ His next trip to Lanzarote is planned for April.
+ Marks & Spencer will be unveiling its latest fashions for autumn and winter.
18. PREPOSITION
`If you do something for a particular occasion, you do it on that occasion or to celebrate that occasion.`
+ He asked his daughter what she would like for her birthday.
+ I'll be home for Christmas.
19. PREPOSITION
`If you leave for a particular place or if you take a bus, train, plane, or boat for a place, you are going there.`
+ They would be leaving for Rio early the next morning.
20. PREPOSITION
`You use for when you make a statement about something in order to say how it affects or relates to someone, or what their attitude to it is.`
+ What matters for most scientists is money and facilities.
+ For her, books were as necessary to life as bread.
21. PREPOSITION
`After some adjective, noun, and verb phrases, you use for to introduce the subject of the action indicated by the following infinitive verb.`
+ It might be possible for a single woman to be accepted as a foster parent.
+ I had made arrangements for my affairs to be dealt with by one of my children.
22. PREPOSITION
`You use for when you say that an aspect of something or someone is surprising in relation to other aspects of them.`
+ He was tall for an eight-year-old.
+ He had too much money for a young man.
23. PREPOSITION
`If you say that you are for a particular activity, you mean that this is what you want or intend to do.`
+ Right, who's for a toasted sandwich then?
+ 'What'll it be?' Paul said.—'I'm for halibut.'
24. PREPOSITION [with neg]
`If you say that something is not for you, you mean that you do not enjoy it or that it is not suitable for you.[informal]`
+ Wendy decided the sport was not for her.
+ Not for me the settled life.
25. PREPOSITION
`If it is for you to do something, it is your responsibility or right to do it.`
+ I wish you would come back to Washington with us, but that's for you to decide.
+ It is not for me to arrange such matters.
26. PREPOSITION
`If you are for something, you agree with it or support it.`
+ Are you for or against public transport?
+ I'm for a government that the people respect and that respects the people.
27. PREPOSITION
`You use for after words such as 'argue', 'case', 'evidence', or 'vote' in order to introduce the thing that is being supported or proved.`
+ Another union has voted for industrial action in support of a pay claim.
+ The case for nuclear power is impressive.
28. PREPOSITION
`For is the preposition that is used after some nouns, adjectives, or verbs in order to introduce more information or to indicate what a quality, thing, or action relates to.`
+ Reduced-calorie cheese is a great substitute for cream cheese.
+ Car park owners should be legally responsible for protecting vehicles.
29. PREPOSITION
`To be named for someone means to be given the same name as them.[US]`
+ The Brady Bill is named for former White House Press Secretary James Brady.
+ Ayer started N. W. Ayer & Son in 1869, naming the firm for his father.
30. PREPOSITION
`You use for with 'every' when you are stating a ratio, to introduce one of the things in the ratio.`
+ For every farm job that is lost, two or three other jobs in the area are put at risk.
+ There can be up to 20 dogs for every one instructor.
31. PREPOSITION
`You can use for in expressions such as pound for pound or mile for mile when you are making comparisons between the values or qualities of different things.`
+ ...the Antarctic, mile for mile one of the planet's most lifeless areas.
+ He insists any tax cut be matched dollar-for-dollar with cuts in spending.
32. PREPOSITION
`If a word or expression has the same meaning as another word or expression, you can say that the first one is another word or expression for the second one.`
+ The technical term for sunburn is erythema.
+ Cancer is derived from the Greek word for crab, karkinos.
33. PREPOSITION
`You use for in a piece of writing when you mention information which will be found somewhere else.`
+ For further information on dealing with allergies see pages 30-32.
34.  See all for
35.  See be for it/be in for it
36.  See for the first time/for the last time
37.  as for
38.  but for
39.  for all

### 用法

1. 表示"当作、作为"

   I like some bread and milk for breakfast. 我喜欢把面包和牛奶作为早餐。
   What will we have for supper? 我们晚餐吃什么？

2. 表示理由或原因, 意为"因为、由于"

   Thank you for helping me with my English. 谢谢你帮我学习英语。

   Thank you for your last letter. 谢谢你上次的来信。

3. 表示动作的对象或接受者, 意为"给……"、"对…… （而言）"

   Let me pick it up for you. 让我为你捡起来。

   Watching TV too much is bad for your health. 看电视太多有害于你的健康。

4. 表示时间、距离, 意为"计、达"

   I usually do the running for an hour in the morning. 我早晨通常跑步一小时。

   We will stay there for two days. 我们将在那里逗留两天。

5. 表示去向、目的, 意为"向、往、取、买"等

   Let's go for a walk. 我们出去散步吧。

   I came here for my schoolbag.我来这儿取书包。

   I paid twenty yuan for the dictionary. 我花了20元买这本词典。

6. 表示所属关系或用途, 意为"为、适于……的"

   It's time for school. 到上学的时间了。

   Here is a letter for you. 这儿有你的一封信。

7. 表示"支持、赞成"

   Are you for this plan or against it? 你是支持还是反对这个计划？

8. (表交换)换, 以……作交换

   He gave her some magazines for her dictionary. 他用几本杂志换她的字典。

   She bought the skirt for $50. 她花了50美元买这条裙子。

9. (表让步)尽管, 虽然

   For all his money, he’s a very lonely man. 他虽然富有, 可是非常寂寞。

   For all his efforts, he didn’t succeed. 尽管他做了很多努力, 却仍然没有成功。

   I love you, for all your shortcomings. 尽管你有很多缺点, 但我仍然爱你。

10. 用于一些固定搭配中

    Who are you waiting for? 你在等谁？

    For example, Mr Green is a kind teacher. 比如, 格林先生是一位心地善良的老师。

    be in for it/be for it 惹上麻烦、势必倒霉；受罚

    for all 尽管, 表让步

### Q&A

### 有用的链接

+ [for_1 preposition - Definition, pictures, pronunciation and usage notes | Oxford Advanced Learner's Dictionary at OxfordLearnersDictionaries.com](https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/for_1?q=for)
+ [FOR在剑桥英语词典中的解释及翻译 (cambridge.org)](https://dictionary.cambridge.org/zhs/词典/英语/for)
+ [For definition and meaning | Collins English Dictionary (collinsdictionary.com)](https://www.collinsdictionary.com/dictionary/english/for)

## to

### 定义

#### 有道词典

> - prep. 朝；位于……；到某处；到某状态；差；给；对于；比；连着；对着；等于；向……表示敬意；伴随；为了给……；适合；按……的看法；（结算账目时）记入
> - adv. （门等）关上

#### 剑桥词典

1. A1-to *preposition* (INFINITIVE)

   `used before a verb to show that it is in the infinitive`

   `used after some verbs, especially when the action described in the infinitive will happen later:`

   + She agreed to help.
   + I'll have to tell him.

   `used after many verbs of agreeing, needing, and wanting:`

   + I need to eat something first.
   + I'd love to live in New York.

   `used instead of repeating a verb clause:`

   + "Are you going tonight?" "I'm certainly hoping to."

   `used in phrases where there are reported orders and requests:`

   + He told me to wait.
   + Did anyone ask Daniel to reserve the room?

   `used after some adjectives:`

   + It's not likely to happen.
   + Three months is too long to wait.

   `used after some nouns:`

   + He has this enviable ability to ignore everything that's unpleasant in life.
   + This will be my second attempt to make flaky pastry.

   `A clause containing to + infinitive can be used as the subject of a sentence:`

   + To go overseas on your own is very brave.
   + My plan was to get it all arranged before I told anyone.

   `used after question words:`

   + I don't know what to do.
   + Can you tell me how to get there?

   `used with an infinitive to express use or purpose:`

   + I'm going there to see my sister.
   + This tool is used to make holes in leather.

   `You can introduce a clause with a phrase containing to + infinitive:`

   + To be honest (= speaking honestly), Becky, I like thegrey shirt better.
   + To tell you the truth, I never really liked the man.

   `used with an infinitive after 'there is' or 'there are' and a noun:`

   + There's an awful lot of work to be done.

2. A1-to *preposition* (SHOWING DIRECTION)

   `in the direction of:`

   + We're going to town on the bus, okay?
   + We went to Prague last year.

3. A2-to *preposition* (RECEIVING)

   `used for showing who receives something or who experiences an action:`

   + I lent my bike to my brother.
   + I told that to Alex and he just laughed.

   `With many verbs that have two objects, 'to' can be used before the indirect object:`

   + Give me that gun./Give that gun to me.

4. A1-to *preposition* (UNTIL)

   `until a particular time, state, or level is reached:`

   + It's only two weeks to Christmas.
   + Unemployment has risen to almost eight million.

   `used when saying the time, to mean before the stated hour:`

   + It's twenty to six.

5. to *preposition* (EXTREME)

   `used to suggest an extreme state:`

   + Look at your shirt - it's torn to shreds!
   + She was thrilled to bits.

6. B1-to *preposition* (CONNECTION)

   `in connection with:`

   + What was their response to your query?
   + She was so mean to me.

   `used to say where something is fastened or connected:`

   + The paper was stuck to the wall with tape.
   + A fast rail service connects us to the city.

7. to *preposition* (FUTURE)

   `used before an infinitive, usually with 'be', to indicate a future action:`

   + The government announced today that it is to cut funding for the arts for next year.

8. C2-to *preposition* (CAUSING)

   `causing a particular feeling in a particular person:`

   + That's when I found out, to my amazement, that she was coming here.

9. to *preposition* (CONSIDERED BY)

   `considered by:`

   + I realize it may sound strange to you.
   + I mean, £50 is nothing to him (= he would not consider it a large amount).

10. B1-to *preposition* (SERVING)

    `serving:`

    + As a personal trainer to the rich and famous, he earns over a million dollars a year.

11. to *preposition* (AGAINST)

    `against or very near:`

    + Stand back to back.
    + They were dancing cheek to cheek.

12. to *preposition* (BELONGING)

    `matching or belonging to:`

    + My dad gave me the keys to his car.
    + I've lost the trousers to this jacket.

    `having as a characteristic feature:`

    + She has a mean side to her.
    + There is a very moral tone to this book.

13. B1-to *preposition* (SHOWING POSITION)

    `used to show the position of something or someone in comparison with something or someone else:`

    + John's standing to the left of Adrian in the photo.
    + The Yorkshire Dales are twenty miles to the north of the city.

14. to *preposition* (IN HONOUR OF)

    `in honour or memory of:`

    + I proposed a toast to the bride and the groom.
    + The record is dedicated to her mother, who died recently.

15. to *preposition* (FOR EACH)

    `for each:`

    + How many dollars are there to the pound?
    + This car does about 40 miles to the gallon.

16. B2-to *preposition* (BETWEEN)

    `used in phrases that show a range:`

    + There were probably 30 to 35 (= a number between 30 and 35) people there.

17. to *preposition* (AT THE SAME TIME AS)

    `at the same time as music or other sound:`

    + I like exercising to music.
    + He left the stage to the sound of booing.

18. to *preposition* (POSITIVE)

    `relating to a positive reaction or result:`

    + When the pasta is done to your liking, drain the water.
    + I think being at the meeting would be to your advantage.

19. B1-UK-to *preposition* (COMPARED WITH)

    `compared with:`

    + She's earning a reasonable wage, but nothing to what she could if she was in the private sector.
    + Paul beat me by three games to two (= he won three and I won two).

20. UK-to adverb

    `into a closed position:`

    + I'll just push the door to.

#### 牛津词典

1. **A1**-in the direction of something; towards something

   - *He pointed to something on the opposite bank.*
   - *Her childhood was spent travelling from place to place.*

2. **A1**-as far as something

   - *The meadows lead down to the river.*
   - *Her hair fell to her waist.*

3. **A1**-**to the something (of something)** located in the direction mentioned from something

   - *Place the cursor to the left of the first word.*
   - *There are mountains to the north.*

4. **A1**-used to show the person or thing that receives something

   - *I'll explain to you where everything goes.*
   -  *(formal)* *To whom did she address the letter?*

5. **A1**-used to show the end or limit of a range or period of time

   - *We only work from Monday to Friday.*
   - *I watched the programme from beginning to end.*

6. **A1**-before the start of something

   - *How long is it to lunch?*
   -  *(especially British English)* *It's five to ten (= five minutes before ten o'clock).*

7. **A1**-reaching a particular state

   - *The vegetables were cooked to perfection.*
   - *He tore the letter to pieces.*

8. **A1**-used to show the person or thing that is affected by an action

   - *She is devoted to her family.*
   - *What have you done to your hair?*

9. **A1**-used to show that two things are attached or connected

   - *Attach this rope to the front of the car.*

10. **A1**-used to show a relationship between one person or thing and another

    - *She's married to an Italian.*
    - *the Japanese ambassador to France

11. **A1**-directed towards; in connection with

    - *It was a threat to world peace.*
    - *She made a reference to her recent book.*

12. **A1**-used to introduce the second part of a comparison or [ratio](https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/ratio)

    - *I prefer walking to climbing.*
    - *The industry today is nothing to what it once was.

13. **B1**-used to show a quantity or rate

    - *There are 2.54 centimetres to an inch.*
    - *This car does 30 miles to the gallon.*

    COMPARE [per](https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/per)

14. **B1**-in honour of somebody/something

    - *a monument to the soldiers who died in the war*
    - *Let's drink to Julia and her new job.*

15. **B1**-used to show somebody’s attitude or reaction to something

    - *His music isn't really to my taste.*
    - *To her astonishment, he smiled.*

16. **B1**-used to show what somebody’s opinion or feeling about something is

    - *It sounded like crying to me.*

17. while something else is happening or being done

    - *He left the stage to prolonged applause.*

18. used after verbs of movement to mean ‘with the intention of giving something’

    - *People rushed to her rescue and picked her up.*

#### 柯林斯词典

##### preposition and adverb uses

> In addition to the uses shown below, **to** is used in phrasal verbs such as 'see to' and 'come to'. It is also used with some verbs that have two objects in order to introduce the second object.

1. PREPOSITION
`You use to when indicating the place that someone or something visits, moves towards, or points at.`
+ Two friends and I drove to Florida during college spring break.
+ Ramsay made a second visit to Italy.
2. PREPOSITION
`If you go to an event, you go where it is taking place.`
+ We went to a party at the leisure centre.
+ He came to dinner.
3. PREPOSITION
`If something is attached to something larger or fixed to it, the two things are joined together.`
+ There was a piece of cloth tied to the dog's collar.
+ Many patients prefer hand-held shower heads rather than those fixed to the wall.
4. PREPOSITION
`You use to when indicating the position of something. For example, if something is to your left, it is nearer your left side than your right side.`
+ Hemingway's studio is to the right.
+ You will see the chapel on the hill to your left.
5. PREPOSITION
`When you give something to someone, they receive it.`
+ He picked up the knife and gave it to me.
+ Firms should be allowed to offer jobs to the long-term unemployed at a lower wage.
6. PREPOSITION
`You use to to indicate who or what an action or a feeling is directed towards.`
+ Marcus has been most unkind to me today.
+ ...troops loyal to the government.
7. PREPOSITION
`You use to with certain nouns and adjectives to show that a following noun is related to them.`
+ He is a witty man, and an inspiration to all of us.
+ Money is not the answer to everything.
8. PREPOSITION
`If you say something to someone, you want that person to listen and understand what you are saying.`
+ I'm going to have to explain to them that I can't pay them.
9. PREPOSITION
`You use to when indicating someone's reaction to something or their feelings about a situation or event. For example, if you say that something happens to someone's surprise you mean that they are surprised when it happens.`
+ To his surprise, the bedroom door was locked.
+ He survived, to the amazement of surgeons.
10. PREPOSITION
`You use to when indicating the person whose opinion you are stating.`
+ It was clear to me that he respected his boss.
+ Everyone seemed to her to be amazingly kind.
11. PREPOSITION
`You use to when indicating what something or someone is becoming, or the state or situation that they are progressing towards.`
+ The shouts changed to screams of terror.
+ ...an old ranch house that has been converted to a nature centre.
12. PREPOSITION
`To can be used as a way of introducing the person or organization you are employed by, when you perform some service for them.`
+ She worked as a dresser to the Duchess of York for nine years.
+ He was an official interpreter to the government of Nepal.
13. PREPOSITION
`You use to to indicate that something happens until the time or amount mentioned is reached.`
+ The shop is open 9-6 from Monday to Friday.
+ The company aimed to double foreign exports from 2012 to 2020
14. PREPOSITION
`You use to when indicating the last thing in a range of things, usually when you are giving two extreme examples of something.`
+ I read everything from fiction to history.
+ ...mechanical toys and gadgets, from typewriters to toy cars.
15. PREPOSITION
`If someone goes from place to place or from job to job, they go to several places, or work in several jobs, and spend only a short time in each one.`
+ Larry and Andy had drifted from place to place, worked at this and that.
16.  See to and fro
17.  See also to-ing and fro-ing
18. PREPOSITION
`You use to when you are stating a time which is less than thirty minutes before an hour. For example, if it is 'five to eight', it is five minutes before eight o'clock.`
+ At twenty to six I was waiting by the entrance to the station.
+ At exactly five minutes to nine, Ann left her car and entered the building.
19. PREPOSITION
`You use to when giving ratios and rates.`
+ ...engines that can run at 60 miles to the gallon.
+ ...a mixture of one part milk to two parts water.
20. PREPOSITION
`You use to when indicating that two things happen at the same time. For example, if something is done to music, it is done at the same time as music is being played.`
+ Romeo left the stage, to enthusiastic applause.
+ Amy woke up to the sound of her doorbell ringing.
21.  See there's nothing to it
22. ADVERB [ADVERB after verb]
`If you push or shut a door to, you close it but may not shut it completely.`
+ He slipped out, pulling the door to.
23.  See also according to

##### used before the base form of a verb

1.  [to inf]
`You use to before the base form of a verb to form the to-infinitive. You use the to-infinitive after certain verbs, nouns, and adjectives, and after words such as 'how', 'which', and 'where'.`
+ The management wanted to know what I was doing there.
+ She told ministers of her decision to resign.
2.  [to inf]
`You use to before the base form of a verb to indicate the purpose or intention of an action.`
+ ...using the experience of big companies to help small businesses.
+ He was doing this to make me more relaxed.
3.  to order
4.  [to inf]
`You use to before the base form of a verb when you are commenting on a statement that you are making, for example when saying that you are being honest or brief, or that you are summing up or giving an example.`
+ I'm disappointed, to be honest.
+ Well, to sum up, what is the message that you are trying to get across?
5.  [to inf]
`You use to before the base form of a verb in exclamations when you are emphasizing a very strong emotion, such as a desire or wish, or a regret or disappointment.[emphasis]`
+ Oh, to think of his poor father, standing there helpless.
+ But then to be let down like that, oh it's so unfair!
6.  [to inf]
`You use to before the base form of a verb when indicating what situation follows a particular action.`
+ He made his way to the kitchen to find Francis cooking.
+ From the garden you walk down to discover a large and beautiful lake.
7.  You use to with 'too' and 'enough' in expressions like too much to and old enough to.
  At last he was old enough to drive.

### 用法

### Q&A

1. 如何区分to在句中是非谓语的to还是介词to


### 有用的链接

+ [to_1 preposition - Definition, pictures, pronunciation and usage notes | Oxford Advanced Learner's Dictionary at OxfordLearnersDictionaries.com](https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/to_1?q=to)
+ [TO在剑桥英语词典中的解释及翻译 (cambridge.org)](https://dictionary.cambridge.org/zhs/词典/英语/to)
+ [To definition and meaning | Collins English Dictionary (collinsdictionary.com)](https://www.collinsdictionary.com/dictionary/english/to)

## with

### 定义

#### 有道词典

> - prep. 和……在一起；具有；用；反对；关于；包括；由于；随着；顺着；受雇于；虽然；支持；穿着；受……影响；表示与某物分离；由……负责

#### 剑桥词典

1. with preposition (TOGETHER)

   `used of people or things that are together or doing something together:`

   + She’s in the kitchen with Dad.
   + He’s an impossible person to work with.

2. with preposition (USING)

   `using (something) or by means of (something):`
   I bought it with my gift certificate.
   The label on the box says, "Handle with care."
   He caught the crabs with a large net.

3. with preposition (HAVING)

   `having or possessing (someone or something):`

   + I’d like a room with an ocean view.
   + He’s married with three children.

   `With can also mean including:`

   + With your contribution, we have a total of $450.

4. with preposition (RELATING TO)

   `relating to or in the case of (a person or thing):`

   + How are things with you?
   + That has nothing to do with the subject.

5. with preposition (CAUSED BY)

   `because of or caused by (something):`

   + He was trembling with fear.
   + She’s at home with a bad cold.

6. with preposition (AGAINST)

   `against (something):`

   + The company faces a long battle with the software giant.
   + I always end up arguing with him about politics.

7. with preposition (SUPPORTING)

   `supporting (someone or something):`

   + If you want to go for a promotion, I’ll be with you all the way.
   + Where do you stand on this issue – are you with us or against us?

8. with preposition (DESPITE)

   `despite (something):`

   + With all her faults, she’s still one of the best teachers we’ve ever had.

9. with preposition (AND)

   `and; followed by:`

   + I’d like a hamburger and French fries with a small salad.
   + Two hundred dollars is payable immediately, with a further $100 payable on delivery.

#### 牛津词典

1. **A1**-in the company or presence of somebody/something
   - *She lives with her parents.*
   - *I have a client with me right now.
2. **A1**-having or carrying something
   - *a girl with (= who has) red hair*
   - *a jacket with a hood
3. **A1**-using something
   - *Cut it with a knife.*
   - *It is treated with acid before being analysed.*
4. **A1**-used to say what fills, covers, etc. something
   - *The bag was stuffed with dirty clothes.*
   - *Sprinkle the dish with salt.*
5. **A1**-in opposition to somebody/something; against somebody/something
   - *to fight with somebody*
   - *to play tennis with somebody
6. **A1**-in connection with; in the case of
   - *Be careful with the glasses.*
   - *Are you pleased with the result?
7. **A1**-used to show the way in which somebody does something
   - *He behaved with great dignity.*
   - *She sleeps with the window open.
8. **A2**-used when considering one fact in relation to another
   - *She won't be able to help us with all the family commitments she has.*
   - *It's much easier compared with last time.*
9. **A2**-including
   - *The meal with wine came to $20 each.*
   - *With all the lesson preparation I have to do I work 12 hours a day.*
10. **A2**-used to show who has possession of or responsibility for something
    - *The keys are with reception.*
    - *Leave it with me.*
11. **A2**-employed by; using the services of
    - *She acted with a touring company for three years.*
    - *I bank with HSBC.*
12. **A2**-because of; as a result of
    - *She blushed with embarrassment.*
    - *His fingers were numb with cold.*
13. **B1**-because of something and as it happens
    - *The shadows lengthened with the approach of sunset.*
    - *Skill comes with practice.*
14. in the same direction as something
    - *Marine mammals generally swim with the current.*
15. showing that something/somebody has been separated from something/somebody
    - *I could never part with this ring.*
    - *Can we dispense with the formalities?*
16. despite something
    - *With all her faults I still love her.*
17. used in exclamation
    - *Off to bed with you!*
    - *Down with school!*

#### 柯林斯词典

> In addition to the uses shown below, **with** is used after some verbs, nouns and adjectives in order to introduce extra information. **With** is also used in most reciprocal verbs, such as 'agree' or 'fight', and in some phrasal verbs, such as 'deal with' and 'dispense with'.

1. PREPOSITION
`If one person is with another, they are together in one place.`
+ With her were her son and daughter-in-law.
+ She is currently staying with her father at his home.
2. PREPOSITION
`If something is put with or is with something else, they are used at the same time.`
+ Serve hot, with pasta or rice and French beans.
+ Cookies are just the thing to serve with tall glasses of real lemonade.
3. PREPOSITION
`If you do something with someone else, you both do it together or are both involved in it.`
+ Parents will be able to discuss their child's progress with their teacher.
+ He walked with her to the front door.
4. PREPOSITION
`If you fight, argue, or compete with someone, you oppose them.`
+ About a thousand students fought with riot police in the capital.
+ He was in an argument with his landlord downstairs.
5. PREPOSITION
`If you do something with a particular tool, object, or substance, you do it using that tool, object, or substance.`
+ Remove the meat with a fork and divide it among four plates.
+ Pack the fruits and nuts into the jars and cover with brandy.
6. PREPOSITION
`If someone stands or goes somewhere with something, they are carrying it.`
+ A man came round with a tray of chocolates.
+ A young woman came in with a cup of coffee.
7. PREPOSITION
`Someone or something with a particular feature or possession has that feature or possession.`
+ He was in his early forties, tall and blond with bright blue eyes.
+ Someone with an income of $34,895 can afford this loan.
8. PREPOSITION
`Someone with an illness has that illness.`
+ I spent a week in bed with flu.
9. PREPOSITION
`If something is filled or covered with a substance or with things, it has that substance or those things in it or on it.`
+ His legs were caked with dried mud.
+ They sat at a Formica table cluttered with dirty tea cups.
10. PREPOSITION
`If you are, for example, pleased or annoyed with someone or something, you have that feeling towards them.`
+ He was still a little angry with her.
+ After sixteen years of marriage they have grown bored with each other.
11. PREPOSITION
`You use with to indicate what a state, quality, or action relates to, involves, or affects.`
+ Our aim is to allow student teachers to become familiar with the classroom.
+ He still has a serious problem with money.
12. PREPOSITION
`You use with when indicating the way that something is done or the feeling that a person has when they do something.`
+ ...teaching her to read music with skill and sensitivity.
+ He agreed, but with reluctance.
13. PREPOSITION
`You use with when indicating a sound or gesture that is made when something is done, or an expression that a person has on their face when they do something.`
+ With a sigh, she leant back and closed her eyes.
+ The front door closed with a crash behind him.
14. PREPOSITION
`You use with to indicate the feeling that makes someone have a particular appearance or type of behaviour.`
+ Gil was white and trembling with anger.
+ I felt sick to my stomach with sadness for them.
15. PREPOSITION
`You use with when mentioning the position or appearance of a person or thing at the time that they do something, or what someone else is doing at that time.`
+ Joanne stood with her hands on the sink, staring out the window.
+ Michelle had fallen asleep with her head against his shoulder.
16. PREPOSITION
`You use with to introduce a current situation that is a factor affecting another situation.`
+ With all the courses available, there is no excuse for not getting some training.
+ With the win, the U.S. reclaimed the cup for the first time since 1985.
17. PREPOSITION
`You use with when making a comparison or contrast between the situations of different people or things.`
+ We're not like them. It's different with us.
+ Sometimes I'm busy and sometimes I'm not. It's the same with most jobs.
18. PREPOSITION
`If something increases or decreases with a particular factor, it changes as that factor changes.`
+ The reason your heart rate increases with exercise is to meet the demands for more oxygen.
+ Blood pressure decreases with exercise.
19. PREPOSITION
`If something moves with a wind or current, it moves in the same direction as the wind or current.`
+ ...a piece of driftwood carried down with the current.
+ We left him there to float off with the tide, and told him to follow the coast.
20. PREPOSITION
`If someone says that they are with you, they mean that they understand what you are saying.[informal]`
+ Yes, I know who you mean. Yes, now I'm with you.
+ I'm not with you. Tell me what you mean.
21. PREPOSITION
`If someone says that they are with you, they mean that they support or approve of what you are doing.`
+ 'I'm with you all the way.'—'Thank you.'

### 用法

### Q&A

### 有用的链接

+ [with preposition - Definition, pictures, pronunciation and usage notes | Oxford Advanced Learner's Dictionary at OxfordLearnersDictionaries.com](https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/with?q=with)
+ [WITH在剑桥英语词典中的解释及翻译 (cambridge.org)](https://dictionary.cambridge.org/zhs/词典/英语/with)
+ [With definition and meaning | Collins English Dictionary (collinsdictionary.com)](https://www.collinsdictionary.com/dictionary/english/with)

## over

### 定义

#### 有道词典

> - adv. 倒下；翻转；穿过；完全覆盖；以上；大于；再；结束；改变；完毕；仔细地
> - prep. 在……上面；从……上方；穿越；在……的另一边；在……的远端；从……落下；遍及；多于；在……期间；渡过；由于；关于；利用；通过；声音大于；高于；级别在……之上；优先于；超过
> - n. （板球）一轮投球
> - adj. 倒下的；折起来的；结束的；剩下的
> - v. 越过

#### 剑桥词典

1. B1-over *preposition* (HIGHER POSITION)

   `above or higher than something else, sometimes so that one thing covers the other; above:`

   + The sign over the door said "Exit".
   + She held the umbrella over both of us.

2. A2-over *preposition* (COVERING)

   `in a position that is covering something:`

   + Put a clean cloth over the cakes while they cool.
   + I put a shawl over my shoulders.

3. B1-over *preposition* (ACROSS)

   `across from one side to the other, especially by going up and then down:`

   + She jumped over the gate.
   + The road goes over the mountains, not through a tunnel.

4. over *preposition* (FALLING)

   `falling down from somewhere:`

   + The coin rolled over the edge of the table.
   + Harold jumped out of the car just before it went over the cliff.

   `falling because of stepping on something:`

   + She tripped over a toy lying on the path.

5. A2-over *preposition* (MORE THAN)

   `more than:`

   + Most of the carpets cost/are over $5,000.
   + Children over the age of twelve (= older than twelve) pay the full price.

   `increasing to further than a particular limit or point:`

   + They are already $25 million over budget.

6. B1-over *preposition* (OTHER SIDE)

   `on the other side of:`

   + There's a bar over the road we could go to.
   + The story continues over the page.

7. C2-over *preposition* (CONNECTED WITH)

   `(referring to a cause of interest, worry, discussion, etc.) connected with or about:`

   + There's no point in arguing over something so unimportant.
   + I need time to talk/think over your proposal (= to discuss/consider it carefully).

8. B1-over *preposition* (DURING)

   `during something, or while doing something:`

   + I was in Seattle over the summer.
   + Shall we discuss it over lunch/over a drink?

9. C2-over *preposition* (CONTROL)

   `in control of or teaching someone or something:`

   + A good teacher has an easy authority over a class.
   + She's a sales manager but she has a regional sales director over (= with a higher rank than) her.

10. B2-over *preposition* (USING)

    `using:`

    + They spoke over the phone.
    + We heard the news over the radio.

11. over *preposition* (MATHEMATICS)

    `sometimes used when talking about a calculation in which one number is divided by another number:`
    40 over 7 is roughly 6.

12. A1-over *adverb* (DOWN)

    `from a higher to a lower position; down:`

    + The lamp fell over and broke.
    + He was run/knocked over by a taxi.

13. B1-over *adverb* (ACROSS)

    `across; from one side or place to another:`

    + She leaned over and kissed me.
    + A fighter plane flew over.

    `used to describe the way an object moves or is moved so that a different part of it is facing up:`

    + She turned another page over.
    + The dog rolled over onto its back.

    `changing or exchanging position:`

    + Would you mind changing/swapping those plates over?
    + She changed over to editing from marketing.

14. over *adverb* (HIGHER POSITION)

    `above or higher than something else, sometimes so that one thing covers the other:`

    + A fighter plane flew over.
    + A man came to paint over (= cover with paint) the cracks in the wall.

15. A2-over *adverb* (MORE THAN)

    `more than a particular amount or level:`

    + People who are 65 years old and over can get half-price tickets.

16. B1-over *adverb* (FINISHED)

    `(especially of an event) finished:`

    + I'll be glad when the competition is over.
    + I used to have a thriving business and a happy marriage, but that's all over now.

17. over *adverb* (EXTRA)

    `extra; not used:`

    + I have some euros left over from the last time I was in France.
    + UK When all the guests had gone, we realized there was lots of food over.

18. over *adverb* (FINISHED TALKING)

    `said when you are talking to someone by radio, to mean that you have finished speaking and will wait for their answer:`

    + "This is flight 595X. Do you read me? Over."

19. A1-over- *prefix* (TOO MUCH)

    `too much or more than usual:`

    + The children got over-excited (= too excited).

20. A1-over- *prefix* (MORE THAN)

    `more than:`

    + a club for the over-50s

21. A1-over- *prefix* (ACROSS)

    `across:`
    Of course, the overland route is much slower than going by air.

22. A1-over- *prefix* (HIGHER POSITION)

    `above:`
    She was knocked off her bicycle by an overhanging branch.

#### 牛津词典

1. **A1**-resting on the surface of somebody/something and partly or completely covering them/it
   - *She put a blanket over the sleeping child.*
   - *He wore an overcoat over his suit.*
   - *She put her hand over her mouth to stop herself from screaming.*
2. **A1**-in or to a position higher than but not touching somebody/something; above somebody/something
   - *They held a large umbrella over her.*
   - *The balcony juts out over the street.*
   - *There was a lamp hanging over the table.*
3. **A1**-from one side of something to the other; across something
   - *a bridge over the river*
   - *They ran over the grass.*
   - *They had a wonderful view over the park.*
4. **A1**-so as to cross something and be on the other side
   - *She climbed over the wall.*
5. **A1**-falling from or down from a place
   - *The car had toppled over the cliff.*
   - *He didn't dare look over the edge.*
6. **A1**-on the far or opposite side of something
   - *He lives \*over the road\*.*
7. **A1**-**all over** in or on all or most parts of something
   - *Snow is falling all over the country.*
   - *They've travelled all over the world.*
   - *There were papers lying around \*all over the place\*.*
8. **A1**-more than a particular time, amount, cost, etc.
   - *over 3 million copies sold*
   - *She stayed in Lagos for over a month.*
   - *He's over sixty.*
9. **B1**-used to show that somebody has control or authority
   - *She has only the director over her.*
   - *He ruled over a great empire.*
   - *She has editorial control over what is included.*
10. **B1**-during something
    - *We'll discuss it over lunch.*
    - *Over the next few days they got to know the town well.*
    - *She has not changed much over the years.*
    - *He built up the business over a period of ten years.*
    - *We're away over (= until after) the New Year.*
11. **B1**-past a particular difficult stage or situation
    - *We're \*over the worst\* of the recession.*
    - *It took her ages to \*get over\* her illness.*
12. **A2**-because of or relating to something; about something
    - *an argument over money*
    - *a disagreement over the best way to proceed*
13. **A2**-using something; by means of something
    - *We heard it over the radio.*
    - *She wouldn't tell me over the phone.*
14. louder than something
    - *I couldn't hear what he said over the noise of the traffic.*

#### 柯林斯词典

##### position and movement

> In addition to the uses shown below, **over** is used after some verbs, nouns, and adjectives in order to introduce extra information. **Over** is also used in phrasal verbs such as 'hand over' and 'glaze over'.

1. PREPOSITION
`If one thing is over another thing or is moving over it, the first thing is directly above the second, either resting on it, or with a space between them.`
+ He looked at himself in the mirror over the table.
+ ...a bridge over the river Danube.
2. PREPOSITION
`If one thing is over another thing, it is supported by it and its ends are hanging down on each side of it.`
+ A grey mackintosh was folded over her arm.
+ Joe's clothing was flung over the back of a chair.
3. PREPOSITION
`If one thing is over another thing, it covers part or all of it.`
+ His hair fell over his brow instead of being brushed straight back.
+ Mix the ingredients and pour over the mushrooms.
4. PREPOSITION
`If you lean over an object, you bend your body so that the top part of it is above the object.`
+ They stopped to lean over a gate.
+ Everyone in the room was bent over her desk.
5. PREPOSITION
`If you look over or talk over an object, you look or talk across the top of it.`
+ I went and stood beside him, looking over his shoulder.
+ ...conversing over the fence with your friend.
6. PREPOSITION
`If a window has a view over an area of land or water, you can see the land or water through the window.`
+ His rooms looked out over a narrow lane behind the college.
+ Synonyms: across, past, (looking) onto   More Synonyms of over
7. PREPOSITION
`If someone or something goes over a barrier, obstacle, or boundary, they get to the other side of it by going across it, or across the top of it.`
+ Policemen jumped over the wall of the Spanish Embassy in pursuit.
+ I stepped over a broken piece of wood.
8. PREPOSITION
`If someone or something moves over an area or surface, they move across it, from one side to the other.`
+ She ran swiftly over the lawn to the gate.
+ Joe passed his hand over his face and looked puzzled.
9. PREPOSITION
`If something is on the opposite side of a road or river, you can say that it is over the road or river.`
+ ...Richard Garrick, who lived in the house over the road.
+ ...a fashionable neighbourhood, just over the river from Manhattan.
10. ADVERB [ADVERB after verb]
`If you go over to a place, you go to that place.`
+ I got out the car and drove over to Dervaig. [+ to]
+ I thought you might have invited her over.
11. ADVERB [ADVERB after verb]
`You can use over to indicate a particular position or place a short distance away from someone or something.`
+ He noticed Rolfe standing silently over by the window.
+ John reached over and took Joanna's hand.
12. ADVERB [ADVERB after verb]
`You use over to say that someone or something falls towards or onto the ground, often suddenly or violently.`
+ I remember falling over in a playground when I was a child.
+ He was knocked over by a bus and broke his leg.
13. ADVERB [ADVERB after verb]
`If something rolls over or is turned over, its position changes so that the part that was facing upwards is now facing downwards.`
+ His car rolled over after a tyre was punctured.
+ The alarm did go off but all I did was yawn, turn over and go back to sleep.
14.  See all over
15.  See over here
16.  See over there
17.  the world over

##### amounts and occurrences

1. PREPOSITION
`If something is over a particular amount, measurement, or age, it is more than that amount, measurement, or age.`
+ I carried out a survey of over a thousand patients.
+ I met George well over a year ago.
2.  See over and above
3. ADVERB [be ADVERB, noun ADVERB, ADVERB after verb]
`If you say that you have some food or money over, you mean that it remains after you have used all that you need.`
+ Larsons pay me well enough, but there's not much over for luxuries when there's two of you.
+ Primrose was given an apple, left over from our picnic lunch.
4. ADVERB [ADVERB after verb]
`If you do something over, you do it again or start doing it again from the beginning.[US]`
+ She said if she had the chance to do it over, she would have hired a press secretary.
+ Dave, the pianist, played it over a couple of times.
5.  See twice over
6.  See over again
7.  See all over again
8.  See over and over

##### other uses

1. ADJECTIVE [verb-link ADJECTIVE]
`If an activity is over or all over, it is completely finished.`
+ Warplanes that have landed there will be kept until the war is over.
+ The bad times were over.
2. PREPOSITION
  `If you are over an illness or an experience, it has finished and you have recovered from its effects.`
  + I'm glad that you're over the flu.
  + She was still getting over the shock of what she had been told.
3. PREPOSITION
`If you have control or influence over someone or something, you are able to control them or influence them.`
+ He's never had any influence over her.
+ For two decades she has sought complete control over her film career.
4. PREPOSITION
`You use over to indicate what a disagreement or feeling relates to or is caused by.`
+ The women were making a fuss over nothing.
+ ...public concern over the possible relationship between behaviour and the intake of certain food additives.
5. PREPOSITION
`If something happens over a particular period of time or over something such as a meal, it happens during that time or during the meal.`
+ The number of attacks on the capital had gone down over the past week.
+ Many strikes over the last few years have not ended successfully.
6. PREPOSITION
`You use over to indicate that you give or receive information using a phone, radio, or other piece of electrical equipment.`
+ I'm not prepared to discuss this over the phone.
+ The head of state addressed the nation over the radio.
7. PHRASE
  `The presenter of a radio or television programme says 'over to someone' to indicate the person who will speak next.`
  + With the rest of the sports news, over to Colin Maitland.
8. CONVENTION
`When people such as the police or the army are using a radio to communicate, they say 'Over' to indicate that they have finished speaking and are waiting for a reply.[formulae]`
9. COUNTABLE NOUN
  `In cricket, an over consists of six correctly bowled balls.`
  + At the start of the last over, the Welsh county were favourites.

##### **over-**

1. **PREFIX**

   `You can add over- to an adjective or verb to indicate that a quality exists or an action is done to too great an extent. For example, if you say that someone is being over-cautious, you mean that they are being too cautious.`

   + Tony looked tired and over-anxious.
   + When depressed, they dramatically overindulge in chocolate and sweets.

### 用法

### Q&A

### 有用的链接

+ [over_1 preposition - Definition, pictures, pronunciation and usage notes | Oxford Advanced Learner's Dictionary at OxfordLearnersDictionaries.com](https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/over_1?q=over)
+ [OVER在剑桥英语词典中的解释及翻译 (cambridge.org)](https://dictionary.cambridge.org/zhs/词典/英语/over)

## as

### 定义

#### 有道词典

> - prep. 作为；以……身份；当作；像，如同；当……时
> - adv. 如同，像……一样
> - conj. 因为，由于；在......时，随着；以……的方式，像；正如；虽然，尽管

#### 剑桥词典

1. A1-as adverb

   `used in comparisons to refer to the degree of something:`

   + She'll soon be as tall as her mother.
   + I can't run as fast as you.

2. A1-as **preposition**

   `used to describe the purpose or quality of someone or something:`

   + She works as a waitress.
   + It could be used as evidence against him.

3. A1-as *conjunction* (BECAUSE)

   `because:`

   + As it was getting late, I decided to book into a hotel.
   + You can go first as you're the oldest.

4. B1-as *conjunction* (WHILE)

   `during the time that:`

   + I saw him as I was coming into the building.
   + He gets more attractive as he gets older.

5. B1-as *conjunction* (LIKE)

   `in the same way:`

   + He got divorced, (just) as his parents had done years before.
   + This year, as in previous years, tickets sold very quickly.

6. A1-as *conjunction* (ALTHOUGH)

   `although:`

   + Angry as he was, he couldn't help smiling.

#### 牛津词典

1. **A1**-used to describe somebody/something appearing to be somebody/something else
   - *They were all dressed as clowns.*
   - *The bomb was disguised as a package.*
2. **A1**-used to describe the fact that somebody/something has a particular job or function
   - *She works as a courier.*
   - *Treat me as a friend.

#### 柯林斯词典

##### conjunction and preposition uses

1. CONJUNCTION
`If something happens as something else happens, it happens at the same time.`
+ Another police officer has been injured as fighting continued this morning.
+ All the jury's eyes were on him as he continued.
2. PHRASE
`You use the structure as...as when you are comparing things.`
+ I never went through a final exam that was as difficult as that one.
+ There was no obvious reason why this could not be as good a film as the original.
3. PHRASE
`You use as...as to emphasize amounts of something.[emphasis]`
+ You can look forward to a significant cash return by saving from as little as £10 a month.
+ She gets as many as eight thousand letters a month.
4. PREPOSITION
`You use as when you are indicating what someone or something is or is thought to be, or what function they have.`
+ He has worked as a diplomat in the U.S., Sudan and Saudi Arabia.
+ The news apparently came as a complete surprise.
5. PREPOSITION
`If you do something as a child or as a teenager, for example, you do it when you are a child or a teenager.`
+ She loved singing as a child and started vocal training at 12.
6. CONJUNCTION
`You use as to say how something happens or is done, or to indicate that something happens or is done in the same way as something else.`
+ I'll behave toward them as I would like to be treated.
+ Today, as usual, he was wearing a three-piece suit.
7. PREPOSITION
`You use as in expressions like as a result and as a consequence to indicate how two situations or events are related to each other.`
+ As a result of fears about home security, more people are arranging for someone to stay in their home when they're away.
+ In this changing business environment, different demands are being placed on employees. As a consequence, the education system needs to change.
8. CONJUNCTION
`You use as to introduce short clauses which comment on the truth of what you are saying.`
+ As you can see, we're still working.
+ We were sitting, as I remember, in a riverside restaurant.
9. CONJUNCTION
`You can use as to mean 'because' when you are explaining the reason for something.`
+ They are regularly sent booklets, but they barely read them as they have so much paperwork to deal with.
+ Enjoy the first hour of the day. This is important as it sets the mood for the rest of the day.
10.  See as it were
11.  See as it is/as it turns out/as things stand
12.  as against
13.  as ever
14.  as a matter of fact
15.  as follows
16.  as long as
17.  as opposed to
18.  as regards
19.  as soon as
20.  as such
21.  as well
22.  as well as
23.  as yet

##### used with other prepositions and conjunctions

1.  See as for
2. PHRASE
`You use as to to indicate what something refers to.`
+ They should make decisions as to whether the student needs more help.
+ Andy sat down at the table and inquired as to what the problem was.
3. PHRASE
`If you say that something will happen as of, or in British English as from, a particular date or time, you mean that it will happen from that time on.`
+ The border will be opened as of January the 1st.
+ She is to retire as from 1 October.
4.  See as though

### 用法

### Q&A

### 有用的链接

+ [as_1 preposition - Definition, pictures, pronunciation and usage notes | Oxford Advanced Learner's Dictionary at OxfordLearnersDictionaries.com](https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/as_1?q=as)
+ [AS在剑桥英语词典中的解释及翻译 (cambridge.org)](https://dictionary.cambridge.org/zhs/词典/英语/as)
+ [As definition and meaning | Collins English Dictionary (collinsdictionary.com)](https://www.collinsdictionary.com/dictionary/english/as)

